
    1. First prepare a list with four columns, old package name (same as the old 
       folder name for the package), new name of the folder for the package name, 
       whether the upgrade is merged into 3.0-dev or not and whether the package 
       download from Fedora 41 was successful or not.
       (Note that, the old package name is the same as the folder name in SPECS-EXTENDED
       and the new folder name is the folder that was created on successful download of 
       this package).
    2. To begin with the build list will be a copy of the old package name.
    3. Then going by the old package name determine
        a. which packages moved to core (i.e. not in extended and only in core)
        b. which packages are in both core and extended
        c. which packages are only in extended
    4. Doing basic arrangement of the code.  
        a. The packages that have been moved to core:
               i. Simply remove it from the build list.
              ii. Nothing more is needed as the package does not have a folder
                  in SPECS-EXTENDED.
        b. The packages that are present both in the core and extended:
               i. Delete their folders from SPECS-EXTENDED, because they should
                  no more be there in SPECS-EXTENDED.
              ii. Any deletions of this kind must be noted as a git operation 
                  that would be required in case a PR is to be raised. 
                  (GENERATE AND STORE GIT OPERATION INFO)
             iii. Remove their names from the build list.
        c. For a package that is only in extended, there are two possibilities:
               i. It could have already been merged.
              ii. It has not been merged.
        d. If a package is there only in extended and has been merged, move to 
           the next package.  We don't need to do anything.  We would be getting 
           this package from the latest pull.  And we don't want to impose anything
           (any downloaded code) now over it.
        e. If a package is there only in extended and has not been merged, but has 
           been downloaded successfully, then the downloaded code should be used.
           For this, the delete and then copy operation is good enough for creating 
           changes for git too. 
           However, there are two scenarios:
	       i. The downloaded directory created as a result of the download
                  has the same name as the package (old name).  In that case 
                  delete of the folder in SPECS-EXTENDED and the copy 
                  of the downloaded folder into SPECS-EXTENDED would work.
              ii. The two names are different.  In that case also the delete
                  of the old folder name and copy of the new folder from the
                  downloads would work.  However, one must additionally take 
                  care that 
                  - in case we wish to raise a PR, then we must note
                    these changes somewhere.  
                    (GENERATE AND STORE GIT OPERATION INFO)
                  - for the build list the old name must be removed and the new
                    name be used in its place.
    5. After this check the build list against the notes in "Facts_to_aid_scripting.txt"
       for any changes that might be necessary.

       

Changes History
===============
#v1
#05 Feb 2025
# Initial version.
#















